
.. _srd:bag-of-devouring:

Bag of Devouring
------------------------------------------------------


*Wondrous item, very rare*

This bag superficially resembles a *bag of holding* but is a feeding
orifice for a gigantic extradimensional creature. Turning the bag inside
out closes the orifice.

The extradimensional creature attached to the bag can sense whatever is
placed inside the bag. Animal or vegetable matter placed wholly in the
bag is devoured and lost forever. When part of a living creature is
placed in the bag, as happens when someone reaches inside it, there is a
50 percent chance that the creature is pulled inside the bag. A creature
inside the bag can use its action to try to escape with a successful DC
15 Strength check. Another creature can use its action to reach into the
bag to pull a creature out, doing so with a successful DC 20 Strength
check (provided it isn't pulled inside the bag first). Any creature that
starts its turn inside the bag is devoured, its body destroyed.

Inanimate objects can be stored in the bag, which can hold a cubic foot
of such material. However, once each day, the bag swallows any objects
inside it and spits them out into another plane of existence. The GM
determines the time and plane.

If the bag is pierced or torn, it is destroyed, and anything contained
within it is transported to a random location on the Astral Plane.

Bag of Holding
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

*Wondrous item, uncommon*

This bag has an interior space considerably larger than its outside
dimensions, roughly 2 feet in diameter at the mouth and 4 feet deep. The
bag can hold up to 500 pounds, not exceeding a volume of 64 cubic feet.
The bag weighs 15 pounds, regardless of

its contents. Retrieving an item from the bag requires an action.

If the bag is overloaded, pierced, or torn, it ruptures and is
destroyed, and its contents are scattered in the Astral Plane. If the
bag is turned inside out, its contents spill forth, unharmed, but the
bag must be put right before it can be used again. Breathing creatures
inside the bag can survive up to a number of minutes equal to 10 divided
by the number of creatures (minimum 1 minute), after which time they
begin to suffocate.

Placing a *bag of holding* inside an extradimensional space created by a
*handy haversack*, *portable hole*, or similar item instantly destroys
both items and opens a gate to the Astral Plane. The gate originates
where the one item was placed inside the other. Any creature within 10
feet of the gate is sucked through it to a random location on the Astral
Plane. The gate then closes. The gate is one-way only and can't be
reopened.

Bag of Tricks
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

*Wondrous item, uncommon*

This ordinary bag, made from gray, rust, or tan cloth, appears empty.
Reaching inside the bag, however, reveals the presence of a small, fuzzy
object. The bag weighs 1/2 pound.

You can use an action to pull the fuzzy object from

the bag and throw it up to 20 feet. When the object lands, it transforms
into a creature you determine by rolling a d8 and consulting the table
that corresponds to the bag's color.

The creature is friendly to you and your companions, and it acts on your
turn. You can use a bonus action to command how the creature moves and
what action it takes on its next turn, or to give it general orders,
such as to attack your enemies. In the absence of such orders, the
creature acts in a fashion appropriate to its nature.

Once three fuzzy objects have been pulled from the bag, the bag can't be
used again until the next dawn.

