
.. _srd:rod-of-rulership:

Rod of Rulership
------------------------------------------------------


*Rod, rare (requires attunement)*

You can use an action to present the rod and command obedience from each
creature of your choice that you can see within 120 feet of you. Each
target must succeed on a DC 15 Wisdom saving throw or be charmed by you
for 8 hours. While charmed in this way, the creature regards you as its
trusted leader. If harmed by you or your companions, or commanded to do
something contrary to its nature, a target ceases to be charmed in this
way. The rod can’t be used again until the next dawn.

Rod of Security
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

*Rod, very rare*

While holding this rod, you can use an action to activate it. The rod
then instantly transports you and up to 199 other willing creatures you
can see to a paradise that exists in an extraplanar space. You choose
the form that the paradise takes. It could be a tranquil garden, lovely
glade, cheery tavern,

immense palace, tropical island, fantastic carnival, or whatever else
you can imagine. Regardless of its nature, the paradise contains enough
water and food to sustain its visitors. Everything else that can be
interacted with inside the extraplanar space can exist only there. For
example, a flower picked from a garden in the paradise disappears if it
is taken outside the extraplanar space.

For each hour spent in the paradise, a visitor regains hit points as if
it had spent 1 Hit Die. Also, creatures don’t age while in the paradise,
although time passes normally. Visitors can remain in the paradise for
up to 200 days divided by the number of creatures present (round down).

When the time runs out or you use an action to end it, all visitors
reappear in the location they occupied when you activated the rod, or an
unoccupied space nearest that location. The rod can’t be used again
until ten days have passed.

