Mace of Disruption
------------------------------------------------------


*Weapon (mace), rare (requires attunement)*

When you hit a fiend or an undead with this magic weapon, that creature
takes an extra 2d6 radiant damage. If the target has 25 hit points or
fewer after taking this damage, it must succeed on a DC 15 Wisdom saving
throw or be destroyed. On a successful save, the creature becomes
frightened of you until the end of your next turn.

While you hold this weapon, it sheds bright light in
a 20-­foot radius and dim light for an additional 20 feet.

Mace of Smiting
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

*Weapon (mace), rare*

You gain a +1 bonus to attack and damage rolls made with this magic
weapon. The bonus increases to +3 when you use the mace to attack a
construct.

When you roll a 20 on an attack roll made with this weapon, the target
takes an extra 2d6 bludgeoning damage, or 4d6 bludgeoning damage if it’s
a construct. If a construct has 25 hit points or fewer after taking this
damage, it is destroyed.

Mace of Terror
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

*Weapon (mace), rare (requires attunement)*

This magic weapon has 3 charges. While holding it, you can use an action
and expend 1 charge to release a wave of terror. Each creature of your
choice in a 30-­foot radius extending from you must succeed on a DC 15
Wisdom saving throw or become frightened of you for 1 minute. While it
is frightened in this way, a creature must spend its turns trying to
move as far away from you as it can, and it can’t willingly move to a
space within 30 feet of you. It also can’t take reactions. For its
action, it can use only the Dash action or try to escape from an effect
that prevents it from moving. If it has nowhere it can move, the
creature can use the Dodge action. At the end of each of its turns, a
creature can repeat the saving throw, ending the effect on itself on a
success.

The mace regains 1d3 expended charges daily at dawn.

