
.. _srd_Universal-Solvent:

Universal Solvent
------------------------------------------------------


*Wondrous item, legendary*

This tube holds milky liquid with a strong alcohol smell. You can use an
action to pour the contents of the tube onto a surface within reach. The
liquid instantly dissolves up to 1 square foot of adhesive it touches,
including *sovereign glue.*

Vicious Weapon
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

*Weapon (any), rare*

When you roll a 20 on your attack roll with this magic weapon, your
critical hit deals an extra 2d6 damage of the weapon’s type.

Vorpal Sword
^^^^^^^^^^^^

*Weapon (any sword that deals slashing damage), legendary (requires
attunement)*

You gain a +3 bonus to attack and damage rolls made with this magic
weapon. In addition, the weapon ignores resistance to slashing damage.

When you attack a creature that has at least one head with this weapon
and roll a 20 on the attack roll, you cut off one of the creature’s
heads. The creature dies if it can’t survive without the lost head. A
creature is immune to this effect if it is immune to slashing damage,
doesn’t have or need a head, has legendary actions, or the GM decides
that the creature is too big for its head to be cut off with this
weapon. Such a creature instead takes an extra 6d8 slashing damage from
the hit.

Wand of Binding
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

*Wand, rare (requires attunement by a spellcaster)*

This wand has 7 charges for the following properties. It regains 1d6 + 1
expended charges daily at dawn. If you expend the wand’s last charge,
roll a d20. On a 1, the wand crumbles into ashes and is destroyed.

**Spells.** While holding the wand, you can use an action to expend
some of its charges to cast one of the following spells (save DC 17):
*hold monster* (5 charges) or *hold person* (2 charges).

**Assisted Escape.** While holding the wand, you can use your reaction
to expend 1 charge and gain advantage on a saving throw you make to
avoid being paralyzed or restrained, or you can expend 1 charge and gain
advantage on any check you make to escape a grapple.

